1wire generic coex production support (#16811)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/wifi_coex.rst

**************************

The |NCS| provides the coexistence feature by providing SR protocol drivers that can call the coexistence API and its implementations.

> The coexistence feature is provided in the following way:
> 
>    * :ref:`ug_radio_coex_mpsl_cx_based`

Reviewer: Actually, @olivier-le-sage , I made a mess with this comment. I think what we need here is actually:
```suggestion
The coexistence feature is provided using :ref:`ug_radio_coex_mpsl_cx_based`.
```
I didn't see that the "Supported implementations" is a separate section.

   When using the nRF5340, apply steps 1 and 2 only to the network core.
   See :ref:`ug_multi_image`.

.. _ug_radio_coex_bluetooth_only_based:

MPSL provided Bluetooth-only coexistence
========================================

The MPSL-provided Bluetooth-only coexistence can be used only with the :ref:`ug_radio_coex_bluetooth_only_1wire` implementation.

It is based on :ref:`nrfxlib:bluetooth_coex` provided by the :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl` (MPSL) library.

Supported implementations
*************************

The following are the implementations supported by the MPSL-provided Bluetooth-only coexistence.

.. note::

>    Do not enable Wi-Fi coexistence on the nRF5340 SoC in conjunction with Coded Phy and FEM, as this can lead to undefined behavior.

Reviewer 2: This is still a valid note but it seems it was misplaced in the docs, see https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/a1e6032e852291542fe8bb78112cbc5dc0b038e6/subsys/mpsl/cx/Kconfig#L31

Author: moving it to "Coexistence based on MPSL CX API"

> nRF70 Series Wi-Fi coexistence

Reviewer: The following subsections are only providing `Refer to XYZ for general requirements` and don't state the use case for the given coexistence scenario. Please add these use cases.

Author: can you be more specific?

In cases where the GPIO is asserted after the radio activity has begun, the ``GRANT`` signal triggers a software interrupt, which in turn disables the radio.
No guarantee is made on the latency of this interrupt, but the ISR priority is configurable.

> Note that the :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl` (MPSL) library uses interrupts with priority 0.
> This may delay the GPIOTE interrupt in some rare cases.
> For that reason, it's recommended to deny SR radio activity at least 400 microseconds before activity on the other radio, and to use a GPIOTE interrupt priority as close to 0 as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. note::
    The :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl` (MPSL) library uses interrupts with priority 0.
    This may delay the GPIOTE interrupt in some rare cases.
    For that reason, it's recommended to deny SR radio activity at least 400 microseconds before activity on the other radio, and to use a GPIOTE interrupt priority as close to 0 as possible.
```

In cases where the GPIO is asserted after the radio activity has begun, the ``GRANT`` signal triggers a software interrupt, which in turn disables the radio.
No guarantee is made on the latency of this interrupt, but the ISR priority is configurable.

> A priority as close to 0 as possible is recommended to avoid delaying the coex interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A GPIOTE interrupt priority as close to 1 as possible is recommended to avoid delaying the coex interface.
```
Perhaps this makes it clearer that it's a priority >0 and it's not a property of the coex pin?

> 

Reviewer 3: Should there be a note that using a lead time of 50µs may in rare cases cause the short range radio to be disabled too late? It may be clearer if we mention the COEX2 pin for the nRF91 as a specific use case.

If there is a customer demands in the future for using the 50-100µs anticipation time, it could be added as a KConfig option that uses HW to disable the radio. But that would not work for 802.15.4

Author: There is a note here. Do we feel it's not specific enough? https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/16811/files/a1e6032e852291542fe8bb78112cbc5dc0b038e6#diff-faa1a684a544fb79e2ff4e9f9d4035f982a17a16dfa16570f3ce0c787f8d9f45L271
